american psycho is a psychological
horror movie
its enigmatic reality is exposed before
us at the end
it is the time of 1998.
the main character of the movie named
patrick comes on the scene
he is an investment banker of new york
city
his life is fabricated to a large extent
which he pretends while wearing the
expensive clothes
and visiting the expensive restaurant
he does so in order to inspire his
aristocratic companions and his fiancee
even patrick has no affections for many
of them
patrick is telling them about his life
as which things does he use
as the designers dresses expensive
furniture
special music collection and many more
his companions and his surroundings are
also like him
one of the companions shows his visiting
card for
ostentation while comparing him with
patrick
this visiting card is better and more
expensive than patrick
all like it
patrick has got furious thinking
how his companion paul's visiting card
seemed better than mine
in this aggression and senseless state
patrick kills a homeless person with his
pet dog violently
after a time patrick plans to have
dinner with his friend paul on the
occasion of christmas
the friend whose visiting card was
better than patrick's card
now they reach home after dinner
a reputed background song is being
played on the music player
patrick is telling his friend the
artistic characteristics of this song
suddenly he attacks paul with acts
it means he murders him using an axe
after that he throws his dead body so
that no one may find it
going to his house he brings some
changes
as he keeps the photocopy of london air
tickets
so that it is thought during the
investigation that paul is not here
rather he had gone to london
than a private detective is shown
who has been investigating from patrick
about the his lost friend
anyhow the story moves on
now patrick brings two prostitutes in
his house
the background music is still played as
usual
he praises the singer of that musical
band
they all three spend some time with one
another
afterward picking up a tool patrick
hurts both prostitutes with it
consequently those girls wounds bleed
much
then it is shown that those girls leave
his house after a while
who are wounded badly
they have been mistreated by patrick
the next day patrick invites his
secretary for dinner
she says i will come for a drink not for
dinner
when his secretary comes to his house
she is talking in her tune sitting at a
place
coming at her backside patrick is
wanting to kill her with a nail gun
all of a sudden
he receives a message from his fiancee
on the phone answering machine
then i am coming after some time
hearing it he hides the nail gun
he says to his secretary you may go now
the next day the private detective meets
patrick at lunchtime
patrick he tells him
you are not a possible suspect of paul's
vanishing on my part
but the question is why did he leave his
house suddenly
patrick was listening to him silently
that now paul's house is vacant
patrick welcomes two prostitutes to his
residence
and he murders one of them here
another girl runs to escape her life
that running girl encounters more dead
bodies while searching the exit
undressed patrick chases her
at last he throws a chainsaw on that
girl
actually the chainsaw is a hacksaw for
the cutting of woods
that running girl is also dyed because
of the fallen chainsaw on her
after a time patrick is going to use his
atm at night
there he notices a cat
while using atm machine
a written statement is displayed on a
screen as feed me a stray cat
it means feeds me a stray cat
this message is displayed by an atm
machine
patrick is about to kill that cat
a lady forbids him after coming what are
you doing with this innocent cat
but patrick shoots that lady
as a result police pursue patrick
and patrick also kills his chaser four
police officers
patrick is regretful of his doing till
now
so he calls his lawyer and confesses his
all committed murders
it means he was wanting to be arrested
he confesses that he himself had
murdered all
all conversations are being recorded in
the phone recording machine of the
lawyer
because the lawyer is not there to
attend the call
there is again a meeting between patrick
and the private detective who is
investigating the lost paul
he tells his source has seen paul in
london a while ago
it means he has not been murdered but
alive
he has gone to london without telling
anything to anyone
hearing it patrick has gone upset and
worried
how did it happen
i myself murdered him
next day patrick visits paul's house
thinking if there are the proofs of his
sin he may remove it
but that house is vacant and for sale by
someone property states dealer reveals
that paul is not the owner of this house
we notice the worry on patrick's face
once more
on the other side patrick's secretary
checks in the office
that patrick has drawn the different
drawings of murders in the official
documents
these drawings are brutal and heart
stirring
now dawn breaks out and patrick meets
his lawyer in the restaurant
he reminds him about the recorded call
he again confesses that i have murdered
many people in the last few days
his lawyer laughs at him and says
either you are just kidding with me or
trying to before me
it is impossible because last day he had
dined with paul in london
patrick is confused and tired after
knowing and hearing it
at first the private detective told
about his being alive and now his lawyer
also told the same
patrick is unable to understand anything
and he returns to his house
basically patrick is just hallucinating
all committed murders it means to
consider things true that do not exist
anymore
this was all a result of his creativity
because he resented all killers and
meant to intimidate them
in his mind he formed an imaginary world
in which he killed everybody actually it
was a mental disorder of patrick